Trad/tools (#47)
glpi-project/doc: source/modules/tools/index.rst

Tools module
============

> Tools module allows to manage projects, reminders, RSS feeds, knowledge base, reservations and to generate reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GLPI Tools module is used to manage projects, reminders, RSS feeds, knowledge base, reservations and to generate reports.
```
This language matches the other translated modules
